Ladies and gentlemen, Armageddon is now in session!
Welcome to a beautiful Uptown Burbank!
Ladies and gentlemen, I am Rob Schrab and I'm going to be filling in for Jeff Davis.
Come, Troy, thank you!
Let's bring up Spencer Crittenden!
And the mayor of Harmontown himself, Mr. Dan Harmon!
Thank you.
Oh man, I totally crashed after that.
Oh yeah, you're all out of energy now?
You really pumped him up, you warmed him up.
Hey, I was talking to Cody about this, I was talking to her about masturbation.
Okay.
And I was telling her about a trick that you told me you used when you would walk home from school.
I've done this like 18 times on many different podcasts.
Oh okay.
Did you talk about it on this one?
I probably did, but we could do it again.
The fake arm?
Oh yeah, I was a da Vinci of jerking off.
I had, well we had the parkas, so it's like winter and you're walking home and you're in eighth grade
so everything makes you horny and you just want to jerk off and you can't wait until you get home.
So I would slit my hand out of my sleeve and have like the empty sleeve in my pocket and my hand on my pants
and was jerking off as I was walking home because I couldn't wait 10 minutes.
And Cody said, why not just use the bathroom at the school?
Oh yeah, I did that too.
Yeah, I was trying to explain to her.
Dude, don't you know that there's not a bathroom on the way home?
There's sidewalks.
Yeah, I mean I would run home.
One day, fifth grade, just bing and then I thought I invented it and then I just started hanging out.
And I would just run, I would sprint home.
And everybody would be like, hey Dan, I'd run home and I'd just like rip off all my clothes and hump every pillow in the house
looking at Penny from Inspector Gadget.
Did you think you were...
I was her age.
It was romantic.
It was like remains of the day.
Did you think like...
We grew up together in a society that kept us apart.
I used to think, I'm feeling you're probably the same way.
Like I used to feel like, man, I am so good at jerking off.
Like nobody knows I'm doing it.
Like I could be in the...
I go to that.
Nobody, I'm so smooth, I've got it all figured out.
And then you get to be an adult.
No, everybody knew you were jerking off constantly.
They just didn't want to go stop.
Yeah, no one wants to acknowledge.
No one wants to say I know what you're doing.
But I've talked about this on the podcast.
It's like I had an unusual...
The only reason I didn't use the arm trick, which I did as an adult, by the way.
I remembered you telling me about doing it walking home and I was in my car and I was like, I'm out of control.
I got to do something and it's rush hour and I just like...
I made a little fake arm and I tried jerking off in the car.
You tried?
In the middle of Los Angeles traffic.
I can't even remember if I succeeded or if...
I really can't remember.
And then Cody's like, why wouldn't you just pull over?
And I'm like, once you pull over and you're just like, here's breath away from sex offender.
And then she told me this story.
She's like, you're right.
She was walking and there's probably women in the audience right here that this has happened to.
It's all too common.
She was walking and some guy said, hey, come here.
And he was in his car with the window down and she went over and he had his dick in his hand and he was wrenching at it.
And she was like, ah, what? Fuck you. You piece of shit. God damn it.
And then he just drove off.
Does he do that all night?
And then like, does he eventually come?
Like the next block down?
Excuse me.
You!
Well, I mean, obviously he's not trolling for someone who's like into it.
He probably knows that the person's going to go gross, stop it, no police.
And that's the only thing that can get them going, which makes me feel a little bad for them.
Smallest violin.
But, you know, when your kinks involve social taboos, societal taboos, I do feel bad for those people because I'm sure if they could flip a switch, they'd change it.
I don't know.
I'm sure they would.
There are some issues.
But anyways, as I've explained to you and explained to them, for part of my childhood, I can't remember when I was finally just like,
what are you doing? Just use your hand like a fucking person.
I had this hang up about masturbation, so I had myself convinced that what I was doing when I was masturbating was not masturbation because I was humping things.
So, then I remember like being like, I don't know, 11, and I was sleeping in the same living room as my uncle,
my dad.
We were at my grandma's cottage.
That makes this sound so fancy.
Not the word I would have picked.
My grandma had this cottage.
She was sleeping in her room.
My dad was sleeping in the only other room, so I was sharing the living room with my uncle.
I had a cot.
I was 11.
I was at the peak of my, you know, I was into two things.
Ender's game and humping stuff.
And I was all done with Ender's game.
That'd be a good double feature though.
I'm here to read Ender's game and hump stuff.
And Ender's game is a short book.
So, I just started like, I'm just like humping the cot.
It's like, it's just quiet.
We're in the country.
There's crickets, and then there's just this squeaking cot.
And I'm just like, I can only remember it.
I can't even relate to it as an adult talking about it.
And obviously, we can't talk to an 11-year-old about it.
But I just, you know, some of you were 11-year-old boys.
And you remember kind of vaguely how it was just, it must have just been,
because you're so small, and the hormones are so new,
and they make up 90% of your bloodstream,
and you're just like a paneling nail.
You're just everywhere you go.
You're just nailing stuff, and like, you just can't, it never stops.
And you're just like, you love it, and you hate it,
and you're a slave to it.
And then I was just like, I was like, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait.
You know, on the cot.
And I was just, you know, trying in vain to like not,
it's like my uncle's kind of like tossing and turning and snoring.
And then he just like, after a really long, arduous time,
he like, he sat up, and I froze.
And then he like, made a big deal out of like going to the bathroom.
And he took a really long time.
And I truly do think, I think he was like, Jesus Christ,
if I pretend to take a shit, will you finish?
I really think that's what he was doing,
but I just froze because I was like, oh God,
I was thinking, is that what's happening?
Did he hear me?
Was he awake the whole time?
And now is that what he's doing?
And it took me so long to just deal with that humiliation
that he eventually came back.
And then I was like, well, he must have been so pissed.
Like, are you kidding me?
Well, you didn't have bunk beds like Jeff and I did.
Jeff, your brother.
My brother.
My brother was on the bottom bunk.
So what are you, what, you guys just listened to each other?
Oh, I didn't, he listened to me.
Problem, I mean, I mean, just because I was a,
you know, I was a mantras-humper too.
So it's just like, I'm just picturing,
and I felt like, man, nobody knows,
I'm so fucking good at this.
I'm like, smooth, man, smooth operator.
And he's probably, and you know, Jeff,
he's not gonna let go, hey, hey, enough.
Come on, you know?
So people gotta work for our living, you know?
Like, but, poor Jeff, he's got like the spring mantras,
which is probably, oh, jeez, oh, dear.
And he's your older brother.
Older brother.
So he's sitting down there going,
Oh, boy.
What did I miss?
You know, like, why isn't he doing it too?
Maybe he was, I didn't know.
Sound travels downward.
All right, well, yeah, there's not much of a show tonight,
but as you can see, it's a...
Because I'm here.
Jeff's gone.
We replaced him with Schrab.
Duncan Tressel was, I told him come to the show,
but I think he might be just like...
He might be at Meltdown going, look a fool.
Yeah.
I mean, that's no joke.
That could be the case.
So empty, empty.
I did his podcast, and you know,
and I was like, you should come do mine,
but whatever.
I hear you watched Old It recently.
Old It?
Yeah, I watched the old Stephen King's It.
Got caught up on that.
Yeah.
In anticipation of the new Stephen King's It.
Yep.
Old It versus New It.
I've seen Old It a lot.
I probably watched it with you a bunch of times,
and I've just saw the new It like last weekend.
You saw the new one?
I saw the new It, yes.
Do they all float?
They do.
But what did you say about the Old It?
Not much.
Cody watched it with me, and she's like,
nobody floated.
No.
She kept saying they all float down here.
There was never any...
They all float down here.
And we have talked about the fact that in the book,
the boys all have sex with the girl.
Right.
When they're kids.
Because it's her idea.
She goes, well, one thing left to do.
The only way to get out of this sewer dimension is to,
well, all right.
And all the boys are going, Jesus Christ,
are you serious?
I was thinking about Stephen King.
It's like, it's hard to put your finger on what he's good
and bad at, but like...
Yeah.
He's like...
I think if he was sitting here,
he would be like, yeah, that's true.
I don't...
Yeah.
I know his origin story has something to do with,
as I've said, like, I think, you know,
in the Marvel movie where Stephen King is a hero
in the first 20 minutes,
he's like carrying his typewriter and he drops it
and the backspace key flies off.
And it's just like, God...
But I have to turn in a...
Oh, and then he's like...
It's gonna be a thousand pages long.
Holy shit!
You can make it up as you go!
It's gonna be a thousand pages long.
I think he'd agree with that.
I don't think he'd be offended by that.
It's one thing about, like, the scene in the book
where all...
How many boys are there?
It's like, Beverly...
How many?
Six.
Five?
Six?
Let's say five.
They, like, Beverly starts taking off her clothes
and they're like, oh, holy shit,
I guess we're gonna have to...
I guess we're gonna have to have sex with her.
But aren't they like 10?
They're 11.
Okay, alright.
And I would be...
I was like, okay, gross,
and I understand you're doing exploitation.
You could have wrote fade out, fade up.
They're all putting their sneakers on
and going, wow, that was terrific,
and now we can get out of the sewer.
But page after page of description
and commenting on sizes and shit and going,
I'm like, okay, I really don't need to know
that the fat kid has the biggest dick.
It's like, it's like, smash fiction,
but his favorite show is Children.
Like, it's like...
But, you know, I mean, that being said,
I'd be like...
I love Stephen King.
It's the only thing, it's like,
when you watch the old it,
which is available on your little consoles.
And it's not called the old it.
So when you're typing it in,
I keep typing in the old it,
and it's not showing up.
It's just it.
It's two-part miniseries.
It's done in 1998.
You should be aware of the studio
that makes those sort of, like,
African-American recreations of, like,
about last night and stuff like that.
There's a black it called...
Black-ish.
You had a bit.
I know, I didn't have a bit,
but Jesus Christ.
I know.
That's just the name of a show.
And it sounds like black it.
My...
You know.
I just say stuff.
You just see a dot,
you just connect the one you're on.
Yeah.
It's Stephen King of talking.
I don't have a backspace.
And who here is a time-spenser?
How are you?
Hey, guys.
Yeah.
I just...
Everything...
This is the thing that I think Stephen King
is either good or bad at,
but in any case,
it's an extreme condition he has.
Everything's a device.
Everything's like a crucifix.
Everything's a...
There's, like, 90 things in it
that if you use the power of positivity
or whatever,
if you recite the birds in your Boy Scout manual,
it makes the Tim Curry clown go away.
If you just aren't afraid,
if you just hold hands and ignore everything,
it can only hurt you if you pay attention.
If you have an asthma inhaler,
you can just say it's acid and squirt it.
It's a slingshot.
It's silver.
And every step of the way,
because he doesn't want to go back
and refine anything,
people are just like,
hey, I brought a slingshot
and I brought my mom's earrings.
They're silver.
How do we know that'll work?
If we believe it, it'll work.
Oh, fuck you.
Fuck you.
But you have...
Do you have a favorite Stephen King,
like, adaptation book or something?
I mean...
I've always said,
I liked his stuff when he was, like, a kid.
Like, when you read those Bakman books.
Like, the long walk,
I thought it was just, like, really simple and granular.
It's like, you know, 100 kids,
and they walk until one of them's left,
and if you drop below 10 miles an hour walking,
they shoot your brains out.
Uh-huh.
That's cool.
I like Carrie.
I think Carrie...
Carrie, the book is great.
Yeah.
Okay.
Well...
Remember when I told you about the library policeman?
When I was listening to...
I was listening to the book on tape,
The Library Policeman,
which is a short story
where there's this guy who's like,
oh, man, something bad happened to me as a kid.
I can't recall it because I blocked it,
and it's the thing, I have to get over this fear.
Otherwise, I'm gonna...
I won't be able to kill this monster in the library.
How am I gonna get over this thing
that I can't remember that happened to me as a kid?
You know?
And I'm listening to it for, like, days,
because on the way to work,
I would listen to it, like, you know,
like 20 minutes at a time.
And finally, it was, like, the chapter where we...
he meets up with him.
Like, he faces this fear.
And Kate and I were, like, going to a party,
and we go, hey, hun, you know,
I just really want to know what happens here.
Do you mind if I just play this on the way?
Yeah, I don't give a fuck.
Whatever, do whatever you want.
I don't give a shit.
All right?
All right.
I'm like, oh, thanks, hunny, I love you.
And then it goes into, again,
great detail about how, when he was eight years old,
he was molested by this guy in the bushes
and just describing in great detail
about, like, how the warm jelly went up his ass.
And I'm just...
And it's just, like, a quiet drive.
And it's like, I don't want to press stop
because that's admitting that this is gross
and whatever.
And Kate is just, like...
I'm fucking married to this guy.
This is what I...
I guess I signed up for this.
Who was reading the book on tape?
Oh, I forget his name, but it was...
It was the guy who played the white shadow.
Remember the TV series, the white shadow?
Mm-hmm.
You guys remember the white shadow from the 70s?
It's a sh...
Okay, all right.
It was that guy.
He was a white basketball coach
and then his mostly black...
Has that high school?
I think a high school basketball team.
I believe it was a high school basketball team.
And it was called the white shadow.
It was called the white shadow.
Little, little, little playing with the concepts of...
Shadows are usually...
Black and white.
Not white.
They're the opposite.
Hi, Spencer.
Hey, guys, yeah.
Spencer, if you watch...
If you're like a 10-year-old black kid
and you're watching that show in the 70s,
you're like, the white shadow.
Oh, I get it because I'm like a shadow person.
Something like that every day.
Every cereal box is a minefield.
Every conversation, like...
That's what I'm...
Why are you guys reacting to that observation
as if I did something wrong?
Is it just because you are scared
that now at the end of the world,
someone's gonna mention, by the way,
we were kind of mean to black people?
Like, that would make up the apocalypse.
A little worse.
A little awkward.
A little party foul during Armageddon.
Party foul.
Oops, party foul.
We should do that as the...
Just give me a second.
Okay.
I want to make this incredibly clear to you.
I don't fucking care about your opinions anymore.
You're terrible people.
You're dumb.
You're impressionable, manipulatable, and stupid.
I know that seems like I've added, like, a synonym for dumb,
but it's two different things.
You have no voice.
You have no brain.
You're bad people.
You're a biomass of closet murderers.
You're only held in check by your fear.
Fuck off.
Our next guest is performing at...
Clubs and colleges all across the nation.
Please welcome Eddie Pepitone!
Yes!
All right.
Follow that.
Hi, Spencer.
Oh, I can see Spencer now.
Oh.
Hi, Edward.
Hello.
Edward.
Edward, how are you?
You look great, man.
What's going on?
What are you doing?
I'm doing stand-up right here, actually,
every Wednesday night.
I'm doing stand-up all over town.
I'm exploring stand-up, you know?
Yeah, because, no, a lot of people think stand-up is just set-up punchline.
I think it's an enormous cry for help.
And it's tricky to make that funny, you know?
But just put my id on stage and kind of try not to be embarrassed about it.
How old were you when you started stand-up?
How old was I?
Yeah, how old were you?
57.
You started?
No, I'm kidding.
Boy, that fell flat.
Hi, everybody!
Fuck you!
There you go.
How is this room for stand-up?
You've been doing it here for several sets.
It's got to be awful, right?
Like, high ceilings.
Well, everybody says the high ceilings, but I like it.
I like it, actually.
I don't know if it's just the vibe of the place.
And as far as stand-up goes, it's not so much what counts as high ceilings,
but who is in the audience.
Right.
You know what I mean?
I mean, at this show, it's been fine, because if it's a big, giant room with high ceilings,
and then there's like 200 people, okay, so it's like a town hall or whatever,
and also not doing stand-up.
But I wonder, yeah, about people.
But I want to let you know, and I could do this offstage, too,
but I don't really have anything to talk about on stage.
But we're putting the money that we make off of the ticket stuff here.
We're going to be working on making kind of convertible, adjustable things.
Oh, really?
And fine-tune the acoustic and optical appearance.
Make it more intimate.
Yeah, I want this place to be able to do a show with 30 people in the audience.
That's perfect for me.
That's a little much, 30, but if you could get it down to 15, 20, that would be perfect.
But then from what I understand, music is like, oh, yeah, no,
fucking do it in a big, giant warehouse, that's best for music.
So I want to be able to hoist a chain and make it conducive to a punk band,
because I'm so enthusiastic about the music scene.
Me, too.
I'm up on all, you know, every punk band there is.
What's your favorite punk band?
Right now?
Right now.
Dirty rats.
The dirty rats.
They're all Cagney impersonators, and they're fucking brilliant.
Like, you, you dirty fucking rat, you dirty fucking rat,
and they just go on and on like that.
It's all about vermin, it's good.
Is that Spotify?
Yes.
By the way, I was listening to Stalin on Pandora on the way over,
and that's just a sample of what you get when you come see me.
I have a little dictator playlist on Pandora.
You're kind of holding in your laughter.
I'm holding in my laughter, yeah.
No, I'm thinking of what I'm going to say next.
That's why I'm a bad interviewer.
But I've heard, because you're doing these shows here,
this is no different from anywhere else you're doing shows, I'm sure.
You're like, I feel like one of the cool things about you is that you're like,
you've got your strong material, but then you're Eddie Pepitone.
If you go off the rails, it's kind of exciting.
That's what I do.
That's what I like to do.
I started, I think I started, I've been getting into these riffs about the hurricanes.
I want to try to provoke a riff, but I know that that won't work,
like if I announce that as my goal.
I mean, I could. I was just getting into the ghoulishness of the coverage of the hurricanes.
First, it was Harvey, and how I get attracted to the hurricane, like following the hurricane.
They get to it early, CNN, the weather channel, and they're like, look at this.
They don't say fuck, but they're like, look at this fucking.
That's not a good face, by the way, to be like, yeah, that's better.
Holy shit, I looked over Rob, you look like God.
Not another hurricane story.
It is kind of insane in general.
The storm stuff, that stems from just this general thing where your local news,
if something happened at a school, someone stabbed someone with a pencil,
a school behind me, like they take the van out, the satellite dish goes up,
but it's like no one's getting stabbed now.
There's just rows of white vans, and there's all these people,
and they're just at the place where the stabbing took place.
There's absolutely zero chance that it's going to be important to be at that location in a journalistic sense.
There's not even an example in history of like, oh, we just kind of do that because you never know.
There's nothing to never know.
I found an eraser.
I found a clue, ladies and gentlemen, that's the police's job.
You're not out there for any reason.
And then the storms happen, and it's just people being blown by wind.
It was hilarious because when the storms happen, and they live for this,
what I hate about it is that they're always like, be safe.
They're always like, please, be safe, be safe.
Oh my God, I hope this hurricane doesn't hit land, but it's the opposite.
They love it, they love it because it's just a spectacle, and that's what news media is about.
That's what the whole world has become about.
It's all spectacle.
Hold on.
You wanted to provoke something.
Let him talk.
For Christ's sake.
For once.
And I masturbate too.
Don't get me wrong.
I still run home and do it.
But I mean, so they're always like, be safe, be safe.
And they're like, nobody should be out here, but they are out there, and it's hilarious.
Nobody should be out here having fun but me.
Jim Cantori.
It was very funny.
Jim Cantori is apparently like, it is very funny too that he's like the dean of TV meteorologists, you know, for whatever reason.
The dean of TV?
Well, you know what I mean?
Like people referred him like, what does Jim think about this storm?
What does the dean think about this meteorology?
I think he said the king.
I don't think he ever said the dean.
Did you ever said the dean?
I did.
Did you say the dean?
Yeah.
Okay.
Oh, shit.
Oh, no.
What did I, what did I, oh, you were going to correct me?
And you were wrong.
I was trying to help you.
You told these people they're stupid.
They are.
Go for your stupid.
You're stupid.
You didn't hear what he said, and you're closer to him.
That's not making them any smarter, and I was trying to help you and made a mistake.
You're revealing that you're a bad person too.
I thought that you needed help and helped you.
Don't fight mommy and daddy.
Don't fight.
I don't believe you.
You don't, but wait.
You thought I was trying to capitalize on your, your weakness?
Look what you're doing.
I have my nice hat on and you're fighting.
I know, I know.
It's not, it's not your, it's not your fault.
It's not your fault.
Thank you.
Now I feel, go ahead.
I never got that when I was a kid.
It's not your fault.
So the Dean of Meteorology.
Has anybody ever just died?
Like, like, like, like the, I know, I mean, by gun, we have like horrible example, like
that guy just fucking, it's, it's like we're living in some weird dream.
Because that guy that shot, he shot a news crew while they were doing the news, you know,
and like that happened recently.
Yeah.
A couple years ago.
Oh, couple of years.
Now that to me, that's good news.
Like that is good news.
That's real.
That's really happening.
But they didn't know they were covering it.
They were, they didn't know they were covering it.
They were outside of school or someone got stabbed with a pencil three hours earlier.
But the, the, it's weird.
Like, but we've never seen anybody like no one's ever as many storms as there's been.
I'm surprised that there hasn't been journalist fatalities, you know, from people like.
That's true.
Stealing out in the 80 mile an hour winds.
Oh, I was so hoping.
Yeah, I was so hoping.
I was so hoping that, you know, this guy, they had a couple of guys, but I was so hoping
they would just be carried the fucking away.
And, and, and one guy, one guy did not vote Jim Cantori, the Dean.
By the way, when you say.
Why is he the Dean?
Now I'm confused.
Well, you've never heard that term.
Like he is like, you know, the go to guy as far as meteorologists.
So you've never heard that, that little expression Dean.
Have you ever been called into a Dean's office?
It's always a meteorologist.
I'm kidding.
That would be funny if you would call.
Hey, how are you?
I'm all right.
I feel like I got to keep him entertained, but um, no, because I looked at him and he
had his hand over his eyes.
No, he's.
Yeah, you had that fucking look.
That's just him listening.
It's a, yeah.
But by the way, when you said you didn't say Dean, right, I want to be like so much by
everybody that I was going.
There was a split second where I was going to go.
No, I didn't.
Then I realized everybody else had heard it.
You were weighing whether to pretend you said King.
All right.
I get it.
Yeah.
I have been a slave to people's.
Let me ask you this.
Yeah.
Okay.
Pick your nose in front of a friend or a stranger that you'll never see again on the freeway,
for instance, like, like, like, like, which.
Oh, you know, I, you know what's amazing?
I've thought of that a lot.
And I was preparing for the podcast, but I'm when, when I am on the, when I am on, uh,
you know, a street and I'm about to pick my nose in the car, I, I can't do it in front
of a stranger.
Right.
I can't do it.
Because you'll never see them again.
What is that about?
How sick is that?
But you'll, like, what is that about?
I want to pick my nose in front of my girlfriend because I just don't want her to see me.
I just don't want to see a thing come out, but.
Well, it depends on how late in the relationship it is.
We, we, we're, we're farting all over each other at this point.
Like, like, like, and it's great, we're having a great time and that's just, uh, my, my,
my ex-wife, we, we did a thing like that.
I, uh, Sarah Silverman, uh, had told me that she and Jimmy Kimmel never farted in front
of each other.
So I tried it with, uh, Erin McGathy, you know, Aaron, my ex-wife, or maybe you don't
put, you said you're a podcast maven.
Maybe you know my ex-wife, but, but Aaron and I really never farted.
You know, there was a couple, a couple of accidents happened here and there, all Aaron.
Um, uh, no, but, but, but, but we.
But we just did it.
You know, as I spent my marriage not farting.
Really?
And that's not why we got divorced.
I was going to say.
It worked fine.
It was, I was, I'm surprised looking back that I was able to not fart in front of my
partner for so long, given how much I fart with Cody.
We're just farting constantly.
So it's like, what was I, I don't know what natural human behavior is anymore.
I don't even know what my body needed to do or what's healthy or what I just like now.
Well, I think what you're talking about there, Dan, is, um, a great example of what we can
do when we put our mind to something.
You know, when we, when we introduce our will and with your ex-wife, you were exercising
tremendous will.
Yeah.
Cause it's not like I was like in tremendous abdominal pain going like, oh, well, I made
this agreement.
I don't remember really needing to fart.
Did you like go into other rooms or?
I would.
Yeah.
Some, every once in a while it would be build up to a point.
Would you cough to disguise it?
I tell her I'm going to go fart, you know, like, but I just wouldn't do it in front of
her.
What about, what about your.
Oh wait.
Same story.
Sarah said the same thing about like keeping the intimacy in your relationship.
And Kate and I don't fart in front of each other.
You're still doing that.
I'm still doing that.
And it's been seven years.
Is Sarah still with that guy?
No.
Was she during the advice?
What's that?
Yes.
Oh, okay.
She wasn't giving advice.
She was just.
She was just talking about.
Something that she was doing with her partner.
And I thought I'd give it a try.
Yeah.
And it worked.
It's not why we got divorced.
Andy, you've done it for seven years and it's, and you're not getting divorced.
More than that.
But yeah.
At the same time, I can't believe it.
Just like, I guess it's just, it's just a couple thing.
Me and Cody are like, uh, let's fart.
I have been forgetting to flush the toilet.
Which is causing like.
You've been forgetting.
Issues.
Yeah.
I blame Wi-Fi.
Cause it's fucking up the bees.
You know, they can't find their way home now, right?
They're happening.
The Wi-Fi is screwing up the bees.
Right.
And this is what I'm telling Kate when she comes home.
Jesus Christ.
Did you dump a cup of coffee in the toilet?
And a plate of spaghetti.
Oh shit.
I forgot to flush the toilet.
Every day you forget to flush the toilet.
And I say, I think it's Wi-Fi.
Because bees are dying out because of Wi-Fi.
They, they get, it's their radar.
They find their way home.
So I'm thinking there's like a Wi-Fi pocket that is just
between the office and the living room and the bedroom.
There's like a Bermuda triangle right where I'm going to the bathroom.
And for some reason, you know, I get done.
I also have the Brondle Swash.
What?
The special toilet seat.
Right.
You know my special toilet seat.
What's your download speed like on the toilet?
Because you're saying the Wi-Fi is the strongest there.
You're referring to it as a Bermuda triangle.
But Wi-Fi wise, it's, it's Grand Central.
It's pretty good.
Okay.
Yeah.
But I think it's making me forget to flush the toilet.
Because this is a recent thing.
You do a lot of computer work on the toilet?
Is that what you're saying?
You're on the, you're on...
So you have a, he...
I don't do computers on the toilet.
He has a special seat that's like a bidet extension upgrade on the seat.
Yeah.
Do you wipe your ass with toilet paper?
Okay.
To dry my ass.
Because it's beautifully clean now.
You've been getting up, wiping your ass, putting the toilet paper into the toilet.
Right.
And somehow...
Just walking out the door.
I'm just walking away.
Like I got to treat myself.
It may, don't you think it may be the bidet?
It comes home and opens up and it goes, what the fuck?
Seriously?
Again.
What's your, what's your offer?
This is the bidet.
Well, I don't know.
Maybe it's the bidet action that is...
But I've had this bidet for like, I've been, I had a bidet for like, like over like 10 years.
I think it's funny you have a bidet by the way.
And I don't consider you a man, like a real man.
Yeah.
I would not watch a football game with you or...
When you would go to the bathroom during the game, I would be like,
Horrible.
I would be like, let's get the fuck out of here.
Yeah.
No, no.
Do you hear that stream of water, Al?
Yeah.
Anyway, yeah.
I'll press the button and it'll go beep and it'll go, I don't know why.
It goes beep?
Yeah, it goes beeps.
I would be afraid of getting, I would be afraid of getting injured.
That's what, that's what the beeps for.
What?
That's what the beeps for.
And you love it.
And then you dry off with the toilet paper and then you won't have...
And then I walk the fuck out the door.
But this is, I've been, the bidet I've been using way longer.
This is a recent thing, like in the last two years.
No, not two.
Last year, it's just been like kids like, what the fuck is...
And I go, I'm so sorry, honey.
I just, I don't know what, I thought I did, you know.
You're like, and now I'm so nervous about getting yelled at and embarrassed about it,
that like she'll come home and I'll just like, don't, don't, don't, don't, don't, don't.
And I run in there and I'll flush the toilet.
And we have a rule that just, just, just to save the marriage,
just without opening up the seat, just flush the toilet.
Just for, just to be safe.
I mean, Occam's razor says it's old age.
I mean, that's the easier explanation.
Okay.
Leave a note to yourself.
Leave a note? Yeah, leave a note.
Tie a, tie a string around my finger.
What, what, what, what, what, what, what, what mnemonic device more than a toilet full of shit, dude?
It should work. I don't know.
What about the self-flushing toilets they have at airports and stuff?
Why don't you get one of them?
Yeah, I should get one of them.
You know, the self-flushers.
I want to, I want to upgrade.
I want to get the one that has the, that blows the air.
The one that like opens by itself.
Yeah, I want to, I want to, I want to really do it up.
You know?
One that drives you to the airport.
Yeah, I want to, I want to close my DreamWorks deal.
You piece of shit.
Take me to LAX, you piece of shit.
Do you think we would ever see in our lifetime, like just an end to, I mean, like, like what,
do you think before we die, we'll just see at least on the internet some kind of like,
like Japanese press release video or something, like the technology that eliminates somehow.
Just no more shitting in the toilet.
I would love that.
I would love it.
I don't know.
It's either like a vacuum type of, like just like it being.
Like you stand in a booth and a purple line goes down your body and then there's no more
poop-oos in your body.
Purple line, yeah.
It beams it out of your Portland.
Or you just have an implant that, that as you, as your food becomes poop, there's like a,
there's a point in your intestinal tract where there's like a portal to, to, to a shared
toilet in Portland.
Yeah, what if it was like, you know, you're like, okay, buy, buy this new, you, you swallow
like basically a, you know, a Seth Brungo, like telepod.
Yeah.
And then you just, you just shit.
You swallow a ring.
It looks like an IUD.
I think it was, or what's that, or there was like a, it's like a flexi thing and you swallow
it and then it like, it's designed to like.
Put a stargate in your ass.
Like when it hits a certain point, it puts a, it puts a stargate not in your ass.
Put a star, and that, and that would be like a Sam Elliott type voice.
Put a stargate in your ass.
Actually, you know what?
Yeah.
I'm thinking about this all wrong.
Put it right in your, the rim of your ass.
Right.
First of all, it feels good.
Second of all, you get to still have like a baby, the feeling of taking a shit in your
pants.
Well, I would think that.
And it's just going into a portal.
Into a portal.
And then on some alien planet, this is the Starship Troopers, like pre-movie or whatever.
Like there are all these insect people are like going, well, it's raining again.
Where is this coming from?
We just tracked it.
It's just this Earth's place.
It just says it's five years into the future.
You know, like that's how short-sighted we are as a culture.
We're like, come on.
We'll worry about it later.
Yeah.
Well, luckily we won't be around too much longer on this planet.
We're not going to be.
I don't think so.
Not to bum everybody out.
Yeah, but a year.
I doubt we're going to be on this planet very much longer.
Please don't worry about bumming them out.
They're idiots.
Man.
Like the difference between them being bummed out.
I don't think you're idiots.
We're excited about life.
The difference between a fly having a saddle on it or not.
Like who's going to notice?
You can't ride a fly.
He's insulting you.
He doesn't mean it.
Right, Dan?
You don't mean it.
I mean it.
He doesn't mean it.
No, this is part of my therapy.
I've become too reliant on people's approval.
Right.
What I've always been good at is abuse.
So I'm using that to wean myself off of your expectations.
If it hurts you, it seems to be making me happy.
It's not going to hurt you.
You're sociopaths.
You don't have feelings.
The idea that I've been doing something or anything for people because you have feelings.
It's been my problem that I've been making your problem for 40 years.
I need to figure out who the fuck I am.
Me too.
Yeah.
What do I like?
This is the regarding Henry stage of our lives.
We need to regard our Henrys.
Yeah.
Do I like rich crackers?
Or eggs?
I like eggs more.
Any pep in town?
What's going on in your personal life?
Don't touch the question.
Do you like eggs or it's crackers?
Thank you.
I think I'll go with the cracker.
That'd be good.
Yeah.
What are you hiding?
Crackers are more utilitarian.
It's never a bad time for a cracker.
Right.
So you're pro cracker.
You're pro cracker.
Just say it.
I'm pro cracker.
Yeah.
Definitely pro cracker.
Wasn't too hard.
Wasn't hard at all.
Okay.
I'm with the show.
Eddie Pepitone.
I thought that was me.
Yes, dad.
Can we talk about your love life a little bit?
If you want to.
Sure.
It's incredible.
Sorry.
I'm lying.
No.
I mean my love life.
My love life is incredible.
Yeah.
Buckle in, baby.
Buckle in.
There should be a bidet right under you right now.
You don't know.
Yes.
I'm married.
Oh, you're married.
To Mrs. Pepitone?
She did not take my name.
Yeah.
What her last name must be awesome then.
Because Pepitone's pretty rad.
It is, right?
I would marry you for her.
I was hurt by that actually.
Just a little hurt.
Like I was like, so baby.
I called my wife baby.
I'm like, so baby, how are we going to do this?
Are you going to be?
How are we going to do this?
This is becoming like.
Are you going to make it?
And she was like, you know, she didn't flint.
You know, she's like, I want to stay with Karen Simmons.
Makes sense.
Yeah.
I mean, if you really think, if you were like from Mars,
and someone explained that rule.
Yeah.
If they get married and the woman's last name changes.
You'd be like, what?
That doesn't make really any sense.
It's just what we're used to.
Right.
And we actually, to the point where we also use it to express,
for instance, joy or, you know, like for somebody,
I'm not knocking on any woman out there that like happily took
her husband's name.
Like it doesn't, you're not, you're not a sell out anymore
than anyone that doesn't want to do that as an enemy of the state.
It's like, but it's just crazy that like,
it is, it is just a crazy random rule.
You know, like it's just weird with probably roots and like
horrible stuff.
But, but, but, you know, it's in Spain.
I took a Spanish class at community college.
And they were,
Oh, I love Spanish.
That whole, that whole like name thing.
Oh my God.
Here we go again.
They have like a, they have like this whole rule.
You know, like this whole set of rules where it's like,
it's like your last name gets longer and longer or something.
Like I couldn't, I couldn't, I couldn't figure it out.
I insisted that Kate keep her last name.
Did she want your last name?
She made you.
Schrab, right?
Yeah.
Schrab is not, and this is not anything personal.
It's just not a good last name.
It, it just, I mean,
Pepitone, Pepitone has a fucking ring to it.
Oh yeah.
You know, but Schrab, it's a,
it sounds like a product.
Yeah.
Of some sort.
Like, have you used the Schrab today or,
you know what I mean?
Like, if you don't use a Schrab,
you could get seriously ill.
You know what I mean?
I mean, so does Pepitone, but like an awesome product.
Like it makes your tires.
Smell like minty.
Yeah.
It makes your tires minty.
Minty fish, Pepitone tires.
3M, you're driving to the airport.
You get a flat tire.
It would be fine, but it stinks.
Tires are shit.
Your car's insured, your flight can be changed,
but the smell in your nose is permanent
because you didn't use Pepitone.
I'm Robert Stack.
Pepitone, the tire smeller.
We were thinking, some, I think,
I think it was Chris Hardwick who one time
he ran up to me said,
listen, we can make a lot of money
if we do Pepitones on the iPhone
or some shit like that, like Pepitone.
Why did he say...
Look, let me finish.
The controller who uses a bidet.
A man should not use a bidet.
Round of applause if you're with me on that.
Fuck you.
You haven't seen my ass.
I like the booze.
The booze, they're funny.
Boo!
Of course they should.
Yes.
We're people, we're probe a day for men.
Yes, it's...
We're probe a day.
I really don't, I really don't care.
Yes, no you do.
I'm trying to make it up, and that's why I shut up.
And that's why, that's why you booing is funny to me
because I really can give a shit.
You seem to switch your position.
Like that.
Do you do that?
That's part of being well liked.
But then you had to clarify for everybody, you said,
I really don't care after you completely flipped your position.
Like we know you don't care.
You're like, I'm probe a day and then they applaud it
and you're like, I don't care.
Yes.
I do that a lot, I don't know who I am.
Yeah, I don't know who I am either.
My regarding Henry thing is...
Spencer knows exactly who he is.
No, I don't either.
Yes, you do.
It's great.
I feel like I belong on this stage.
We don't know who we are.
I guess it's a lot less exciting for you guys.
I can't wait for that new iPhone.
Oh yeah.
Oh, yeah, oh yeah.
You're being definitely not serious, right?
I'm definitely being serious.
It's got a screen that goes all the way in here.
I know exactly what person this makes me
and I'm tired of the charade.
If Apple tomorrow announced a thumb tack
that read your pinky print
and alerted you to nearby cork...
Nearby what?
Nearby cork.
It's the iTack.
We asked ourselves what is a thumb tack
and the answer was it's not a pin.
Nor should it be.
And we set about changing fundamentally
the experience between the person who wants to pin something
to a bulletin board and the pin itself.
This is iTack.
I would fucking buy it.
I would buy it.
You would buy it?
Let me put an asterisk on this
because I deserve the humiliation.
I wouldn't buy it if it was affordable.
It would have to be egregiously priced.
It would have to be a $49 thumb tack
for me to go like, well, there must be something to this.
And I would do it.
Here's some other things I would do.
If you told me when I went to the airport
that for $70 extra on my ticket
I was allowed to stand in a red circle.
That was in a less comfortable place.
I would opt for that.
If you called it like platinum plus red circle program
I would stand in the red circle.
When I go to the airport I go like,
let's see if they have a lounge
and Cody and Jeff are always like,
fucking lounges suck.
There's a seat here at the McDonald's or whatever
and they get a full bar and I'm like,
we don't even know the lounge.
We got to go to the lounge.
And they go to the lounge and they're like,
it's $50 extra but I'm a member.
You're a member to a club that lets you pay $50.
And how much for my friends?
And then you go and there's nowhere to sit
and there's like crying babies
are being dumped in the lounge.
In the fucking duct?
In the lounge?
Yeah, in the lounge.
You can see through a tinted window
that the regular ass poor people's seats are all empty
because everyone wants to be in the lounge.
And I'm no exception.
Is there a package where I can strap the babies
to my feet and just like walk around on them
and be more uncomfortable
but more importantly, more important.
I'm a terrible person.
And I can't wait to get that fucking iPhone X
because the iPhone 8 is for poor people.
Is the 8 out?
Yeah, same time as the X.
They're releasing the new phone for the poor people
which is only $18,000
because you're poor
and you don't want to let being poor slow you down
get a new iPhone poor people phone.
But then there's the real phone.
For me, the $27 million phone.
It doesn't have a home button. They took the home button off, Eddie.
You know that...
I hate my home button.
I don't like the home button either.
What's that button doing on my phone? I want it gone.
Every time I touch it, I have to swallow my vomit down.
I feel like a poor person.
Why am I touching a button?
What am I fucking, like some kind of fucking refugee?
Yeah.
It's disgusting.
I want a phone.
Only people in Aleppo have the 8.
Right?
Yeah.
Don't laugh too hard at that.
Right?
Yeah. No, I'm looking forward to the new phone.
I'm looking forward to the new...
Me and my family are looking forward to the new phone.
Every day I get up, you know,
you asked me about my love life
and it centers around the iPhone coming out.
And, you know, I'm like, honey, did it come out?
And she's like, not yet, baby.
Are you kidding or not? I get it.
No, I am. I am kidding,
but I so relate to you about the marketing of it.
Like, I hardly fucking use anything on it,
except turn it on and go,
Hello? What?
I am not an idiot.
I'm always like, why are you calling me?
Whenever my phone rings, I'm like, what the fuck went wrong?
I know.
I swear, three times a week, I'm saying to somebody,
how did you get this number?
It stopped being a phone now.
It's pretty intense.
It's just text. It is a text.
I barely checked my email now.
Now it's all text or I have the Slack channel, whatever.
The phone rings and I'm like, who the fuck...
What are you doing?
Hello, Mr. Harmon.
I just called about your medical procedure on Tuesday.
I'm like, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa.
I have an assistant.
Why are you calling me about medicine?
Lose this number, Marjorie.
But wait, wait, wait, fuck.
Face recognition is...
The phone recognizes your face?
Fucking good. Good.
I hope the phone recognizes everyone's face.
Remember when we were concerned about biometrics?
Where'd that go?
I was never concerned.
Remember when the sign of a true anarchist
as you were worried about products being technically...
I was so concerned about biometrics.
Remember that summer when we were all like...
Biometrics, man.
I know. I know.
You know how you preach into the pelicans, man.
Fucking biometrics.
Those bio-Ms are just really...
I can't even get up in the morning, man.
My fucking wife is getting down on me on her biometrics.
I'm like, baby, I don't know.
I can't even handle my own biometrics,
let alone yours.
I got another cigarette in this...
In these...
I'm up to three packs a day,
like, you know, all these biometrics.
I'm not even talking to anybody right now.
I'm just sitting on the porch,
just talking to myself and smoking pencil.
Fucking biometrics, man.
If it's not one thing, it's another.
If it's not one metric, it's another, man.
It's either biometrics, neometrics,
decometrics, octometrics.
These metrics are just fucking taken over, man.
They're taking my job.
They're taking my family fucking biometrics.
Some candidate should come along
and get rid of these biometrics.
But you grew up kind of lower middle class, right?
Peppertown? You were no IV here.
Yes, lower middle class, exactly.
Both my parents were teachers in New York City.
And teachers.
Teachers!
Teachers! Cursory knowledge!
School! School!
Being bred for corporate culture!
No real learning anymore!
No philosophy!
Just you're being plugged in to a machine!
School!
But yeah, I grew up as a lower middle class kid.
Did your parents beat you?
You know, my dad, my mom was extremely gentle.
My father, Sicilian, so he had...
And it's true about the Sicilian...
He beat you if someone paid him.
Look, son, you didn't mow the lawn.
I'm gonna beat the shit out of you as soon as I find someone that...
Watch me.
Look at your report card!
If I get $50, your ass is mine!
Jimmy Three-toes is coming down.
Jimmy Three-toes, Marvin the...
The ex-the-god is coming down.
Oh, here we go on another riff.
No, no, no, I think we are. This is the list of mafia guys.
Oh, nope, he shook it off. Okay, he's not gonna do it.
I shook it off. I shook it off.
I always felt deprived about that though, because my Sicilian family had no connections at all...
To the cosenoes drill, the black...
I mean, that would have been a nice cart for me to play.
When I was getting my ass kicked in school, like, hey, you touch me, you're gonna deal with the black hand.
Or some shit like that.
When's the last time you saw Godfather 2?
Oh, me. That's me telling the kids.
No, I just watched Godfather 2.
Remember, Robert De Niro plays Brando's character in Five Facts.
And then they walk you through, he's just a regular guy, he's in New York,
and then there's this guy who's like the guy in the white coat, you know, he's like Don Camucci.
Oh, yeah, yeah, the guy he kills, yeah.
And then De Niro's like, oh, who's that guy? Who, what's with him?
And they're like, and Bruno Kirby's like...
That guy, oh, that guy!
He owns everything, he owns everything!
And everything's like, oh, it's in his neighborhood, oh, it's everything, oh, mama mia!
And then he's like, oh, I think I'll take care of it, I'll take care of it.
And they're like, what are you gonna do? No one else can do what you're doing.
He's like, trust me.
And you're just like on the edge of your seat, like wow, we're really watching the origin,
we're watching the evolution of the American mafia.
I think it'd be funny if all Sicilians would like that, because my dad was a history teacher,
and it'd be funny if he taught class like that.
Look, the only thing I could tell you is that the Romans had their way.
And he just walked out of the fucking class.
They had their way, they had their message.
Read up on the catapult.
But Robert De Niro, as you may recall, as Brando in his youth, the character, Don Corleone,
he climbs up on a roof, and he walks across rooftops so that he can get into the apartment building.
Yes, what was that about?
Of the mafia, Don, who holds little Italy in his iron grip.
Because of that kind of capish white thing he wears.
He has no bodyguards, he doesn't hang out with anyone.
All he ever does is walk around an alien at everyone and say that he owns the neighborhood.
Then he goes home to a one-bedroom apartment in a dark stair landing where you can access,
but if you just go up on the roof, also the front door, what a work!
And he wraps a towel around his hand with a gun, and he goes like, hey, and he's like, oh no,
the one contingency for which they did not prepare.
He's shot by a rifle.
Oh, you found the black hands kryptonite.
Bang, bang, oh, I can't believe.
Who would have thought of this?
There's bullets in my body.
How did I ever, oh!
And then De Niro's character is like, now I'm the guy.
And everyone's like, can I have some money?
He's like, I don't have any, but...
So the reason why De Niro kept becoming the guy is because nobody could find a towel.
Very funny if you think about it.
It was cool though, the one thing that sticks out in your head is that the towel starts on fire.
Remember, he wraps it around.
Does it even work? Does that make a gunshot sound like less of a gun?
I use a pillow.
Just usually a throw pillow I hate because I hate the stains on throw pillows.
It starts on fire and then he's like whipping his hand around.
It's kind of cool.
Scorsese's a good director, I'm not being a real controversial there.
Yeah, Scorsese directed the shit out of that.
When he did Godfather 2, his fucking nailed it.
He nailed you, he nailed you.
You know, when I think of his best taxi driver, Godfather 2...
Fuck, fuck, fuck, fuck!
Edit it, edit it out!
If you would have had the iPhone X, it would have saved you from that.
It'd be funny if that's what the X does, it interrupts you.
Like you're about to say Scorsese and it just buzzes in your pocket.
And you look at it and it says Coppola.
I can't even hear anybody over the sound of my fucking humiliation.
Coppola!
Really? Who gives a shit?
I don't know, it's...
You don't know Coppola directed Godfather 2? Why are you doing a podcast?
People just have turned off around the country.
Like, turn it off, Margaret!
He said Scorsese.
Yes, he called a stupid idiot, but he got that trivia wrong.
I've had enough!
I've had enough to hear with this guy!
Not fact checking his riffs.
It's not like I can fall back on my fidget spinner knowledge.
What is your fidget spinner knowledge?
No, I don't know their things.
Let's fall back on your fidget spinner knowledge.
So I can't...
I don't have any fidget spinner knowledge.
You know what they are.
That's why I'm supposed to know Coppola from Scorsese.
Because I don't invest in fidget spinner information.
If I'm going to forget that Coppola is not Scorsese, why am I not into Pokemon?
That tracks.
It's either current events or curmudgeon guardian of nostalgia.
What am I? I'm a drifting fucking wraith.
Dude, what is going on with you tonight?
What happened? Did something happen?
Nothing new.
Is that what's happening? Is it nothing new?
You think that all descents into darkness have to have some simple...
Oh, a potato fell on my head while I was fighting Pete's dragon.
What's your thing about descents into darkness, Rob?
You think it's that fucking simplistic?
I'm taking sides with you.
I wasn't here last weekend, and I was here the weekend before,
and you were delightful that weekend, and now...
I think he's delightful tonight.
He is delightful.
He just doesn't seem very happy right now, and I'm concerned.
I'm going through changes.
Why do we have to be happy all the time? I don't get that.
It's true.
No, I don't get it.
Moving with the memory islands and the different colored marvels that represent feelings?
Yeah.
The memory island.
Sadness is a part of happiness.
I don't think it's wrong to be concerned.
What's that?
I don't think it's wrong to be concerned if somebody you care about is not happy.
I was in Duncan's podcast, and I was like, yeah, I kind of bumped out, and I don't care.
He's like, well, that's because you got to just let eight people from Burning Man live here, man.
And I was like, I'm not going to do that.
I'm not going to yese in that suggestion.
I know that makes me a bad person.
I don't want a bunch of hippies living in my house.
Yeah, but that would make you happy.
But why not, man?
Because I'm evil, because I'm evil.
I don't think that's evil.
I think it's evil.
I think it's evil not to let eight Burning Man people live in your house.
We all know that the solution is we have to stop.
Capitalism is killing us, and we have to decentralize non-hierarchical, human-based societies.
I've known this forever.
But I'd say in a podcast, I'd go like, hey, capitalism sucks.
And then people on Reddit would go, then give all your money away.
Yeah, right.
Fuck you, fuck you, fuck you.
You got me.
God damn it.
I love my money.
It's 9-Eleven.
9-Eleven.
I lived through, fuck it.
I was living in New York.
So did I. Yeah, you were shit. You pieces of shit. I'm a bad man with 9-Eleven.
Bunch of L.A. people yelling about 9-Eleven when I lived through it.
9-Eleven.
Oh, you mean you were in New York?
Yeah, I was right.
That is a high road you could take.
That's what he did.
I thought you just assumed they were so young.
You were just like, you didn't fucking live through 9-Eleven.
Oh, no, no.
No, they weren't there like I was there, you know?
Right.
And I was in bed when it happened, but...
And my friend called.
But I was close to it.
I was close to it.
I got up and I lived like in the village and not to brag.
And I...
We watched the towers come down from his window.
He had an apartment looking straight at the towers, you know?
David Cross said he could see people, like, leaping.
That's something...
People don't talk about that, but, you know, there was a lot of people jumping
and they kind of just killed all footage of it.
And kind of was like, that didn't happen.
I can't even...
I mean, that has to be like the epitome of...
I don't even know what the word is.
It's just sort of like...
It's like you're watching a human being who is identical to you.
And what you know about them on a fundamental level is that they were in such pain
and fear that they preferred...
Yeah.
And you're just like, I don't know why am I explaining this.
We all know...
But it's just like, wow, holy shit.
Yeah, and they're yelling out 9-11.
Well, it's been a few years and we...
A few years?
We like to have fun.
You've been doing it for years!
9-11, people jump from buildings!
Yeah, but where would we get as a society
if every time something was genuinely tragic or filled with pathos,
we paid it respect by avoiding it?
Oh, let's all prove that we're polite.
Let's keep our elbows off the table, our feet off the table.
Let's not sit at the table.
Let's put the table in bronze.
All right, look, I'm not getting the analogy, but...
No one's ever done that before.
You can do that?
You mean just saying...
You can.
That's a move with Harmon.
You can just say...
You're saying nonsense, that's not a metaphor.
That's been an option this whole time.
But you know, when you found out, if you hit the bumper button,
you turned 180 degrees.
I was like, holy fuck, what?
I don't have to...
But what you're saying is true,
and this country, and the people of this country,
and this audience in particular,
we have no memory of history in this country.
And that's why what's going on is going on.
There's no fucking...
Matter of fact, Gore Vidal is one of my favorites.
You like Gore Vidal?
I fucking love Gore Vidal.
And you guys like Gore Vidal?
He's great.
And he wrote a book called...
The United Amnesia...
Damn it.
This is me forgetting to flush the toilet.
I love the guy who brings up Gore Vidal.
That book!
Something about amnesia.
Yeah.
I'm the biggest fan of Gore Vidal.
And his boo...
I believe you, I believe you.
Thank you for believing me.
I believe that you will...
The United States of Amnesia.
He called it.
I think the biggest contributor to my bad mood
is that I have a...
Here's a weird thing about me.
I'm triggered by Nazis running in the street.
I have this crazy thing
where I think that it's better to be overreactive
to Nazism.
Jump the gun if you can on that one.
Someone reminds you a little bit of Hitler?
Say it earlier.
Worst case scenario?
You called someone Hitler too early.
Best case scenario?
You stopped a Hitler!
Well, that is the scariest thing.
I mean, look at the silence about it.
That's the thing that I...
That's what's got me so grumpy lately.
So there's your answer, by the way.
I got it eventually.
I got off of Twitter the minute
I started seeing the anti-communist stuff.
When that became a meme or whatever the fuck you call it,
that became a thought where I was like,
oh, there's a lot of anti-Nazi talk.
So now, just watching history repeat itself of people going,
oh, communism's responsible for even more debt.
I'm out. I'm out.
If I keep listening to these kids,
I'm going to fucking kill myself,
and that's what they want,
so I'm going to live all over their asses.
They don't deserve it.
Are you off of Twitter?
Because it's really great.
It's really great.
I love Twitter, especially lately.
I'm kidding. I'm so kidding.
I was using it wrong.
I am healthier now.
I don't seem happier, but I am healthier.
My sadnesses and angers are real now.
I was using Twitter wrong.
I'm so glad that Lauren Duke is on it.
Just Sarah Thyre,
I feel like people are saving the world on Twitter.
I can't use it right.
Me either.
I just sit there and read shit,
and I fucking my whole brain changes,
but I don't want to be one of these people that's like,
I don't want to deal with it.
I'm good either.
That's normalizing, right?
You're part of the problem.
I didn't know a fascist coup
would be aggravating or exhausting.
No, that it is.
I think I'll focus on my backyard garden.
That's an enemy. That's what I've become.
That's what I am.
That's what I'm doing, but at least if I own that,
then maybe my backyard garden will turn into
a...
Hitler poison?
What's in your backyard garden?
What fruits?
Avocados?
You have avocados?
I pay people to grow the backyard garden.
Anyways.
Yeah.
Well, just the reason why people...
One of the big reasons why people are so quiet
about the fascism
that's taking over this country,
because there's so...
I mean, we talked about the iPhone movies,
just constant tell,
fucking Netflix.
People are much more interested
in their Netflix cues
than they are in
the country going down the shitter.
You know what I mean? They're just so distracted
by every fucking thing.
And Twitter is another one.
You know, they're like...
They have no...
Yeah, but I don't...
I definitely don't want to...
I don't think that the masses are being
willfully cowardly or stupid
or in more in love with iPhones
or worrying about the fascist takeover
of the United States.
I give them, at least enough credit,
that, oh, no, they're very, very
interested in the fact
that we're being taken over.
But they don't do anything about it.
Thank you.
But I also...
I have to look within myself and I go,
are you exhausted? Are you bored?
Are you fucking...
And I go, yes, I am.
And that's exactly what's happening.
Like, if somebody, like, tweets me
a month after
November and says,
just get back to me, can you...
You shit, you fucking faggot.
And I'm not...
Sorry about that, by the way.
Man who doesn't flush his toilet.
I have a lot of vices.
I was able from, you know,
okay, December, I'm like,
nice try, sucker.
Get back to work indeed.
Get used to it.
None of us are getting back to what we do.
Get back to what you do.
America!
Another month, another month, another month goes by
and it's like, it's not that...
I eventually was like, man, I should really get back to
making my cartoon. It's not like I ever stopped.
It was just like, it was like, as I got...
I just fucking crashed
and then one more person is like,
why don't you just shut the fuck up?
And I was like,
you deserve me to shut the fuck up,
because you're gonna fucking die
without me to save you.
I see your...
And I raise you up.
Who the fuck cares you were born?
I hate you!
Not you in the red shirt.
I made sure you didn't make the boop sound.
Did you? Okay. Piece of shit next to you?
No? Okay. You? Fuck you!
Stand up, face them!
What's your name? Derek!
Boo!
Half cheers, half boos!
That's what you get!
That's what we all get.
This is like the end of the...
It's like the end of the...
Mark Wahlberg Rockstar movie?
Rockstar.
I'm gonna slightly...
And then you start taking the microphone
and I go in the audience and I'm like,
and you can just join...
Have a fun 20 years,
white piece of shit.
Have fun trying
to figure out if you're a good person
by seeing how many people like you.
On a fucking app.
Oh, shit.
Next week's episode,
I'm gonna kill myself on this stage.
Are you...
Duncan Tressel will not let you do that.
He won't be here.
Me undies will be.
Warby Parker,
Squarespace.
Oh, yeah, Warby Parker.
It's a pay-per-view event.
I'm going to...
I'm gonna blow my brains out.
Can I back up your point?
What? Where are you gonna back?
You want a microphone so you can...
Whatever.
Well, no, I like your hesitance.
You've earned a microphone.
This happens on this show.
Charlie.
That's my name.
The disinterest of people
caring about the fact that Trump is president,
they've normalized it completely
at this point. Like, they don't care.
You gotta eat the mic.
Let me eat the mic. No, you're doing it.
Yeah, they don't care.
It's been nine months.
They're over it.
And it seems to be
the fact of the matter that
Hillary is old news.
Great. No one cares.
Bernie Burroughs still fucking...
Oh, he would have won.
Great. Thank you, DSA of Brooklyn, New York.
I appreciate you guys.
But no, I'm really sick of
fucking people like
acting like it's normal that we have a fucking
reality fucking TV star
as president. It's like disgusting.
It's... It represents
like us to the world in some weird
fashion, but it also should be like
a wake-up call for every fucking person
out here that
there's nothing normal about the world we exist
in as United States
of America.
I love you, Dan.
I appreciate Dan, too, but...
Oh, I thought his name was Dan.
I'm sorry.
What was that? I love you.
No, he's Charlie.
And the fact that people can actually
normalize that is...
I think people are scared. They know how
militarized the police are.
They know how militarized every...
They're scared.
They just decided that we can... Jeff Sessions
just decided that they can sell
fucking military gear back to
police forces now.
So we can have tanks. We can have
fucking bulletproof riot shields.
We can have fucking automatic weapons.
It's fucking weird.
No one wants to...
Woke is a fucking weird word at this point,
but no one wants...
No one wants to understand that this is
not normal, and it stresses me out.
Yeah, I mean...
It's woke-up chupole.
No, no. None of that shit.
Get that shit out of my face.
That's the thing, though, is I don't want to...
It's not...
I think we're just used to a society
where actually being aware of shit
had its own momentum and a bunch of shit
done. If you kind of
halfway thought that
Stephen Colbert was out of line on his last
show or retweeted a hashtag,
like, you might find out six weeks later
either A, oh, that person wasn't worth
any money and they lost their job, or that person
was Stephen Colbert, so fuck you, your opinion
didn't matter.
But it still felt like momentum
happened just by you, like, knowing
shit, caring about shit, being
afraid of shit, not putting up with shit.
And we've entered a world where
you can fucking not...
you can not put up with
as much as you want. You can care,
you can feel, you can fear, and
actually, that just jiggles
the jello. It stays the same shape
as it was, and
we're all reacting to that
I don't even want to say
poorly. Like, however
we react, that's the right way to react,
because all of us want to
get back to a system, or achieve a system
where the way that we came out of our
mamas was, like, the right way
to be, that we didn't have to, like, mold
ourselves and socialize ourselves
and be enforced by some set of rules
in order for us to get along
with some larger thing. We all want to
get to a system that some of us felt
like we had, where it was, like, yeah, but if you
kind of hear yourself, like, the truth
will out, and, like, all this stuff will happen,
and we're really, like, we've
come face to face with a system where we're
like, oh, shit, you mean I don't fucking matter
at all? I truly don't matter. And then
other people are going, welcome to the club,
that's how it felt for 20 years, and we're like, fuck you,
that defends me, ah!
And it makes me
like everyone else
just want people to talk about
Kmart and Stephen King's
it, and all this shit.
And so, whereas
initially it was the alt-right saying everybody
get back to work, or it was, like, red necks
that were embarrassed that they voted for a guy
that turned out to actually mean it when he said he wanted
to build a wall, whereas they thought he was
actually just gonna, like, be fiscal or something.
Like, like, like,
like, now it's just
everybody saying
I'm bored with this, get back to work,
entertain me, make jokes, just
talk about shit, and I'm like, I'm
feel you, like, the exact same time
as I feel you, I am as exhausted as you,
so now, I'm getting
back to work, I'm just being a clown,
I have nothing, I don't know
what to do either, I don't know
who to vote for, what to do, what pie to throw
at, what bandana to put on my face,
I don't know what to do,
I'm just gonna get back to my comedy podcast,
but guess what? My comedy
podcast was always me
complaining about how I don't understand
what the fuck is going on, and everyone
should leave me alone, stop telling me to tie my shoes.
So now, my fucking podcast
really sucks!
Like, beyond
whatever you could imagine, it's just
like me going like, I'm just collapsing
in on myself, like
the star I always was.
And becoming a black hole
from which all light can escape
because it's a very low-stakes
black hole, but...
Low-stakes black hole, my
favorite punk band.
You asked me that
earlier, but
my love life is good, yeah.
I'm married
and we have pretty regular
sex
like, whether I want it
or not, that kind of thing.
Well, thank you.
That was great, man.
Shout out
Chapo Trap House.
Check that out if you don't like the
world that you're living in. Right, Chapo.
I think we might get something from Chapo on the...
Also, Harmon Quest, check it out
if you don't like the world you're living in.
Yeah.
Or, if the world
you're living in doesn't smell, alright, Fulton and Rourke
for all of your
solid-clone needs.
Wax-based clones and perfumes
for men. Travel safe perfumes
that won't break in your luggage
and they smell great come in one of
14 different flavors.
Are you...
What are the 14 flavors?
Lemon, hazelnut,
peppermint, sage,
rosemary,
sorry.
I missed it.
Can you start over?
What, Dan?
Are you still doing shows here?
Yeah, I have two more Wednesdays here
the 20th and the 27th.
Go to starburnscastle.com
Is that the...
Starburnscastle.com
Certainly Google Starburnscastle.
Get tickets to Peppitone. He's not going to let you down.
This is a guy who
just when you think
you might be witness to
something awful, that's when
Peppitone fucking fires up like the Hulk.
That's right, that's right.
This was just a tip of the iceberg.
Sorry about the bidet stuff.
No, but you truly are amazing.
Don't apologize.
I would recommend it
to anybody because
it's almost...
I really mean that.
Thank you.
If you put Peppitone as a bidet, my ass is spotless.
He does it, he immediately revealed
he has no bidet opinions.
He's just like me. He just wants people to like him.
It's like a bidet opinions who cares, right?
You don't care if anyone has a shit
hanging out of their ass.
I get anxious about a jet of water hitting me.
I do too.
I'm like...
You walk through the fear.
Or sit through the fear, whatever it is.
Is there anything else?
Because you donated your time and energy to us
that you want to plug?
I'm doing a show
Dovetailing Into Collapsing
as a star.
I'm doing a show, it's a one-man show.
It's about how I wasn't loved.
No, kidding.
I'm doing a one-man show called End of Days.
And it's
a bunch of characters
dealing with this stuff.
I'm going to first do it
in Santa Barbara,
and then I'm going to find a space here.
I like to announce things
before I even have a space for it.
So you can't go...
And that's the way to do it, isn't that right?
Yeah, that's the way to do it.
He's a good controller.
In your one-man show,
did I hear right,
you fight the devil at the end
of the launcher?
Is that true?
You son of a bitch, don't you ruin it.
Oh, sorry.
He asked you now.
We'll be sure to...
We'll keep our eyes peeled
for where to get tickets to launch.
Keep your eyes really peeled.
I don't know when
it's going to be anywhere.
Look at that.
Isn't it great?
One of the greatest
mimes of our time.
Let's thank Eddie Pepitone
for joining us again.
Eddie.
I love this guy.
I'm so glad you had him on the show today.
He's great. I love Eddie.
Keep your eyes peeled.
Doesn't that expression actually gross you out?
I always picture...
When I was a kid,
I would picture a potato peeler
and an eyeball.
Yeah. Welcome to my world.
That would not make you see better.
I'm just saying
they should stop saying that.
It doesn't work.
Nobody really does.
I think it's like a Beverly Hillbillies thing.
Who actually says keep your eyes peeled?
We just did.
I'm out now.
Good looking out.
What?
That's what you sound like to me.
I don't know.
I'm making it up.
I get on a stage for two hours
and talk into a microphone.
Incredulity isn't an option for you.
You could never be surprised
by anything I say.
What are you saying?
What's happening? What's going on?
Well, I'll tell you.
I came up and I started talking.
I don't know what I'm saying.
Sneaker!
Shut up!
We should maybe try to transition you back
onto Twitter.
Just see what happens.
It may have been useful.
No, I'm sorry.
I was doing a bit.
It was great.
Steve Levy, are you...
Steve Levy, are you here?
He's hiding in the corner.
He'll be here.
I said, Steve Levy, are you here
and he's still sitting with his legs
stretched out and he shrugged
and was like, yeah, I'm here.
I mean, why do you think
I asked the question?
Oh!
Sorry, I...
It's okay.
That's dumb, Steve.
What the fuck?
I think I understand.
I might have been about to say,
Steve Levy, are you here?
Duncan texted me when I was up here.
The reason he didn't show up
is because no one ever contacted him.
That's the kind of thing that Steve would like to hear
standing up, I think.
But I don't know if I made it clear to you
that maybe you should contact him.
I don't know.
All you said was he's booked.
I didn't say he's booked. I never said those words.
You said he's coming.
I said Duncan wants to do the podcast.
I did not say he's booked.
I don't know. I don't remember the words exactly.
Take another valium.
Hi! Hi, Rob.
What are you doing?
Rob, I really love your shirt.
This is the part of the show
where you stand next to the podium?
I stand during D&D because my ass falls asleep
on these torture chairs.
Rob, are you wearing pajamas?
Just the lower half.
I love it.
I like how you pronounce it.
Are you wearing pajamas?
Rob, are you wearing pajamas?
Yeah.
Excuse me.
Are you wearing flavor crystals in my class?
Nobody believes me,
but I was this close to...
Every once in a while, I think about
wearing my pajamas to the show
because I'm in my pajamas.
Tonight was one of those nights.
I was like, put up pants.
I would have been crazy.
Yeah, pajamas, bros.
Two pajamas up here.
Yeah, two grown boys.
You know, I used to say
if you could make it through the whole day
without taking your pajamas off,
you're a pajampion.
You're a what?
A pajampion.
A pajampion?
It's like champion.
A pajampion.
What did I say?
The most explosive letter out.
And also the most champion defining letter.
Right, right.
Okay, so you said pajampion.
Pajampion.
Pajampion. You said that.
That's what you said.
And I said what?
Pajampion.
Oh, that's terrible.
Oh, my God.
How embarrassing for me.
And high five to you
I pronounced it.
That is my word.
I know it's your word
and it is clearly better
than the way I pronounced it
when I asked you what you just said.
That is so much better.
It's good. No, I'm on your side on this one.
That's great.
No, no, no, I'm great.
Steve, tell me you're a pajampion.
Tell me.
I'm a pajampion.
Oh, you must be from a country
of like, Spencer, tell me you're a pajampion.
I'm a pajampion.
Oh, you mean you won a contest involving pajamas?
Of course.
Wait, what contest?
What comes down to that P?
What contest?
There was a contest.
I couldn't hear what you were saying
so I repeated something
that I thought you said.
I wasn't trying to nail it.
I wasn't trying to nail it, Dan.
I was trying to nail it.
I was going, what did you just say?
Did you just say this?
And I was like, oh, okay.
Sorry, question.
They all float down here.
Is the new it movie in theaters?
Oh, yeah.
It's the number one movie at the box office.
It's a huge movie.
It's a huge hit.
Is there, the little boys don't fuck
the little girl in the movie?
No, no, no.
Well, then count me out.
You'll get my money
when you do a proper adaptation.
Where is the Lysine dependency?
Jurassic Park.
Yeah, yeah.
All right, well, let's
Pyjameon.
I'm a pyjameon. You know something?
I like my way better.
Pyjameon.
I am a pyjameon.
I like it.
It's mine. I pronounced it my way.
I like it. It sounds better.
Yeah, it sounds like you're a citizen
of the realm of
pyjama. Yeah, I love it.
It's great. I love it.
It's a totally different concept.
I didn't know what a pychampion was.
Pyjampion.
Not pychampion.
P-A-J-A-M-P-I-O-N.
What did I say?
I said the exact same thing that you just said.
Pychampion.
I said the same thing.
It sounds exactly the same thing.
And I understood what you meant.
I knew what you meant.
Schrab
when we were
in our 20s
told me that
he thought that the word utensil
was invented by smart people
to make him feel stupid
because the way he had heard the word
is people would say, do you have a writing utensil?
And he would say, why can't you just say a pen?
And I would say
because
they might want a pen.
If you have a pencil in your pocket
then
they might be cheating themselves out of a pencil opportunity
if all they want is a writing utensil.
Then why can't you just say
pencil or pen?
You know what? Language is a living thing.
What?
When did you say
when we were how old?
When we were in our what?
20s. 20 years ago.
And we're in our what now?
You haven't changed?
It was a while ago.
You had the utensil
argument recently?
It's a
pajambian thing. You're doing the same thing.
Why do you think I brought it up?
You're made up word?
It's the same thing.
The word you made up
that you were so proud of?
It's the same thing.
You're made up word.
You're made up word in our 40s?
You haven't changed?
I've changed so much.
You've changed in one place.
You don't know.
You've changed?
You started focusing on your butt.
Back then
that guy
he would have been like what's a bidet?
But now you're like, Oh get that.
Yeah. That's it.
Back then.
and you know that was that was nice still is you're a little you're less
competitive too I was never competitive I hate
he was competitive when with what you were when you were 20 with everything
with what with when I was 20 with like what what are you trying to win this
conversation can we just I what I thought you guys were like I thought you
guys were trying to send a signal like you don't want to do that no dude like
they say 9-11 then we wrap up with the guest you know we got right we got no I
get it a solid 19 minutes signal of what I just thought Rob was trying to
filibuster and stuff no no filibuster what are you talking about what's
happening everyone's favorite part of the show he thinks you hate D&D Rob hates
games there's no I hate competition I think it it makes it turns a good
people bad what's this what are you doing that's not my name
all right here we go no glasses
Rob I hope you never change he doesn't you like you like me right yeah I think
you're great I love you yeah I like you too that doesn't surprise me at all could
I guess that I know you're big fans of his don't like you don't like him I get
it you do it's like if you don't know the Riddler and the Joker are teaming up
Batman be like yeah doi doesn't change a thing about life in Gotham for this
dark night you like me stop down in my basement analyzing perfume man if Joker
Joker and the Riddler teamed up it would be confusing because yeah is this a
Riddler is this a joke thank you thank you thank you I think DC is currently
exploring it but Batman's in the middle and has to choose a side between the
Riddler and the Joker pinned against each other yeah I mean you know the
Joker's like come on and the Riddler's like what and the Joker's like Riddler
and he's like what it's a kind of joke no it's not no it's so dumb more like a
test question they should change it they should change it because if they fixed
it it would be famous they should you should you should you should write them
to fix it before before another movie or a millionth comic book comes out or
action figure they should okay you're right we should fix that yeah we should
fix that could I sum up your we should fix that then we'll be famous yeah this
is you so in other words we're talking about it that's your argument we're
talking about it what what's my argument turned into your mother hey Zach you
got that D&D music yeah yeah I don't think they have that yeah they do no
you're a expense for that recap from last week no somebody somebody take
control here that's what you guys are doing all right Jeff I miss Jeff last
time I miss our friendship this is why I didn't want to start the D&D we could
just keep this going last time turned out the bandidos were assassins that was
it really I mean nothing happened taste down the bandidos seemed like they
were assassins right and then we but we we lost the bandidos but really
specifically were we chasing them or yeah no what happened is Patchens was
like oh man there's this relic I was supposed to be garden it was the most
perfect jewel they'd ever seen and it got stolen and then you're like don't
you worry Patchens right that's all yeah we got to go get those bandidos got a
good check that out how many bandidos were left there's two that are dead so
there's maybe four or five that's you which way they went I just woke up out
of dream did they all had one direction yeah they headed to the north who's the
fastest that would be me I start running as fast as I can I got a speed of 20
I'm running 20 not running full 20 running full 20 Chad running full 20 you
guys can't even see my legs move all right yeah Chad's running 20 oh yeah
no I know you got a roll on that shit no you run 20 that's just what happens
there's no rolling I'd like to run 30 where 30 can't you can't do that he's
very competitive yeah where are you going where are you guys going north yeah
running north don't just say north follow the bandidos where the bandido's
going that's the direction they went isn't it I don't know oh I thought you
said no I did say north I just want to be clear you just say you're running it
doesn't make any sense all right you're running yeah but it's been like it's
been a lot of time well that's not our fault we would if it that's well yeah
yeah time goes okay because we had a conversation about what yes you're right
yeah I know we can't see them right so you're just running all right yeah you
keep running his hatches with us ran off no patches is with Dan who hasn't
started running as far yeah Dan you got to start running I guess they're not
gonna take care of patches I'm a cleric you guys go chase the bandidos I can't
hear you I'm too far away because Iran's effect that's good that's what I
wanted Chad maybe we should turn back I just started running cuz I wanted to
show I was faster than you fuck that guy you do yeah you catch up with them yeah
are you overtake him even hey yeah all right you see another one of these
bandidos except he's lying on the floor and he seems to be cutting half what the
fuck hey are you okay he doesn't answer I give him a good shake the top half the
top half hey hey buddy wake up wake up who did this to you who did this to you
who did this to you I ran here as fast as I could who did this to you and that's
him a lot yeah who did this to you he doesn't answer I shake the bottom half
yeah it doesn't have nothing happens I search the corpse all right he's got a
sharp dagger and he's got the same stuff as the other guy he's got a sharp
dagger he's got a sword he's got a poison pill and he's got this armor I'll
keep the poison pill yeah just in case I take a dagger okay but I don't I don't
like I'm trying to know yeah I can't remember how Patchens is what his
condition is is he stabilized he's yeah he's fine but he's wounded all right
he's ended in pain and I'll let them yeah you found a bandito
I'm with Patchens you found him in ham
ham is it half, half, half, he's cutting half we found him that way, are there more?
the top, half, and the bottom half, but we'll keep looking
you have to find Patchens' gem, he's got something about Patchens what was it
it was like it was like a gem yeah look for a gem, a gem, we search the area for
the gem you don't find it it's not there it's just a dead guy
wait a minute wait a minute I forgot a thing from last week these aren't real
banditos these aren't real banditos they're they're they were sent by
somebody they were part of some gil get back come back hey what did you just I'm
sorry there was a tree in the way but the audio was blocked the banditos are
disguised as banditos they were sent by these are foeditos what the oh my
friends and neighbors I am pissed on foeditos and they're part of some
guild or something that I'm sure if we get back to town we'll find out they'll
have headquarters there I mean these games are just which town are we going
to yeah we're going back to the Tom fell town no no no no we're going back to
headquarters go back to Silverflame which is in yep yeah what was the name of
that town yeah what is that town yeah it hadn't been mentioned yet oh okay let's
why don't we go to the town but you all know the name we should know yeah you do
know it what is it I'm not sure well I sure the fuck don't know it's placeholder
oh yeah back in placeholder population till the 2000 should mark question mark
7000 there's probably better ways to catch these banditos who aren't really
banditos they were then chasing them through the woods and so Steve you're
still by the corpse right I am hey hey Steve yeah I'm still looking at this
corpse all right come back to whoa whoa wait wait wait wait wait wait wait he
took some of the poison he didn't drink it no no no he's got it on him just I'm
that's I'm I don't know why I took I'm sauntering back all right oh hi what's up
with your wiggle feeling really good about that guy getting cut in half yeah
well he stabbed patches like seven times hi these are bad dudes they didn't
expect us to live to see to tell the tale much less catch back up with them
which we will once we get to placeholder do you do you think they went to placeholder
it's been a long time since we've been to placeholder yeah before the campaign
started that's where we were we got to get back and report to our superiors we
got a sick pachins gonna get them healed up but we're responsible for like we
lost his little artifact and believe me we're gonna make right by this kid
oh good check should we go now yeah we we load up the cart you don't have a
cart we load up the two horses no whatever happened to our horses you
didn't take them when you left I thought we had a cart I thought we had a cart
there was a car yeah but there's no horses for it so we've just been
walking yeah I don't think you've been taking the cart all right well we keep
walking wait right what are we fucking animals yeah should we play rocks paper
scissors for who gets to carry the rest of the team in the car you know like
be the horse I don't think you have the car I don't think you would have just
dragged the cart all this way without horses I thought we had two horses no I
don't think so that might be the case but the horses would have been killed
while you guys were investigating stuff so when you came back to the cart they
wouldn't have been alive oh yeah well is pachins okay to walk yeah but he's
wounded and crying and sad you want me to talk to him I think you should yes yes
okay hey buddy hey man he's crying he's what's what's going on what's
happening what's happening up there what's going on in that head of yours
patches what's up what's what's with that come on just nobody wants to hear
this everybody wants to hear this stuff I know yeah you think you got it pretty
bad huh you got it pretty bad hey look at this weird hand I have my I was born
with this you don't see me crying took care of it I memorize spells like what
if I meditate for four hours yes I'm gonna do a new loadout all right did we
just sit wait watch and meditate for four hours and wait we should set up a
little camp and then you started doing ordinary people with a non-player
card I thought we were walking while ordinary people yeah have you ever seen
ordinary yeah you have oh what's your favorite scene in ordinary people when
yeah when Fade done away talks to Timothy Hutton and about his brothers
death by boat which in which she feels she was cheated because she liked his
brother better that's why he tried to kill himself and needs to see Judd
Hirsch as a therapist it's basically good will hunting with better actors and better
writers I think it's Mary Tyler more not Fade done away right fuck you nobody
knew you didn't know I didn't know yeah you didn't know no no I didn't I didn't
know yeah I didn't know but I don't think that's what I was doing when I was
talking about my weird hand so we all watch him for four hours
build a fire and sleep or something setting up camp I can't sleep with
de-meditating next to me silver flame the world learning loadout for
okay I'm gonna go with loadout for create water detect magic mending at purify
food how that sucks no changing my mind what am I a fucking Walmart
I'm a loadout three offense yeah guidance light well Carlos is doing this I'm
just doing like crunches and push-ups preparing for whatever's coming up next
yeah I'm gonna stick with the offensive loadout cool what wait after all that
you're just trying to stay with what you already had well I'm recharged now I
have everything known again okay can I take out my compass and look for north
you find it north is where we should go let's go now all right we start heading
north let's find out what happens next time yeah yeah look at me this is me
this is my fault well you could have had like a umberhulk come out of the
fucking forest and umberhulk comes out of the fucking zone man come on
the umberhulk at 20 running as fast as I can all right running around the
umberhulk you provoke 30 attacks of opportunity I think yeah that's good
yes he's proud of himself all right well that's Harmontown for this Zach
McKeever, Kris Boruff, Sarah Hill man it's never this quiet when Jeff ends the
show well he always hits the music guest cop trailer Rob Schrom, Game Master, Spencer
Redknit, Steve Levy, Eddie Pepitone, the city of Burbank, the state of California
maybe I was kidding when I called you stupid maybe I don't care we don't know
stay in the fog stay stay curious look at everybody running out of the building
you're welcome for the free booze but tip the tip the Venmo tip the bartender if
you if you partake of our free free goodies and we'll see you next week
yeah yeah yeah did you get any of that